README.md, before:

# Tiny House
A vacation rental listing website 
<br/>
#### Note that this project is a clone of [TinyHouse](https://www.tinyhouse.app/). Visit them and give them some love 

# Live site
Visit the live site at [TODO](#)

# Description
Tiny House is a typical Vacation Rental Site. Think AirBNB. I starting building this site in order to test my UI skills and in order to cement the lessons that I learnt while building my previous portfolio project [Atlas-Clone](https://github.com/elroi99/atlas-clone)
Tiny House has been built using HTML , CSS , React Js FrontEnd framework , MUI ( Material UI ) component library on the front end and The Firebase backend as a service on the back end. Stripe was used to power the payments.
When I started building TinyHouse, I was familiar with most of the above technologies, as a result, there was less of a learning curve and I could concentrate on writing cleaner code. 

While building TinyHouse, my main objective was to test my UI skills, and thus, I have attempted to create as close a copy to the original app as possible. For the most part, I have succeeded at this task.

# Technical Overview

## Technologies and Tools used.
 
 <img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Firebase" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/firebase/firebase.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />  

<br/> 
<br/>

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- React JS 
- React Router
- Firebase
- Git 
- Netlify
- VSCode 
- Terminal


<br/>
<!-- 
The process for installing and running tinyHouse on the local machine is more complicated because we use netlify functions in this project
it involves forking the project to your own repo , connecting netlify cli to that repo  , and then starting the development server ( react + netlify fn's) 
using netlify cli instead of npm start. -- I am not sure of the complete instruction set.

# Running the code on your local machine

## Dependencies
- Node.JS -- Make sure you have Node.js installed on your machine. 
- NPM ( Node Package Manager ) -- We will be using Node.js and NPM to run the project.
- Netlify CLI ( Needed to run the Netlify Serverless Functions locally ) 

## Installation Instructions
### Part 1 ( Install Netlify CLI globally using NPM )
1. Install Netlify CLI globally on your local machine
	`npm install netlify-cli -g`



### Part 2 ( Install and run TinyHouse )
1. Get a copy of the project on your local machine by running the following command
	 `git clone https://github.com/elroi99/tinyHouse.git`
 2. Enter the project directory 
	 `cd tinyHouse`
 3. install dependencies using npm
	 `npm install`
 4. Run the project 
	 `npm start`
	 
Give it some time ...... Breathe in .. Breathe out.  
Node should start a development server on your local machine.  
You should be able to view TinyHouse in your browser at localhost://3000 ( unless you opened it on another port )

#### Thats it 🥳 🥳 !! -->

<!-- Celebration gif -->
<br/>
 <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/lMameLIF8voLu8HxWV/giphy.gif" wiidth="300px" height="300px" />
 
 
 ## Acknowledgements
- This project is a clone of [TinyHouse](https://www.tinyhouse.app/) ! Visit them and give them some love

Commit message:

added the live demo link and updated the installation instructions

README.md, after:

# Tiny House
A vacation rental listing website 
# Live site
Visit the live site at [Tiny House](https://tiny-house-clone.herokuapp.com/)


<br/>
#### Note that this project is a clone of [TinyHouse](https://www.tinyhouse.app/). Visit them and give them some love 


# Description
Tiny House is a typical Vacation Rental Site. Think AirBNB. I starting building this site in order to test my UI skills and in order to cement the lessons that I learnt while building my previous portfolio project [Atlas-Clone](https://github.com/elroi99/atlas-clone)
Tiny House has been built using **HTML** , **CSS** , **React Js** FrontEnd framework , **MUI ( Material UI )** component library on the front end and The **Firebase** backend as a service on the back end. Deployment was handled using **Heroku**
When I started building TinyHouse, I was familiar with most of the above technologies, as a result, there was less of a learning curve and I could concentrate on writing cleaner code. 

While building TinyHouse, my main objective was to test my UI skills, and thus, I have attempted to create as close a copy to the original app as possible. Please do compare my project [Tiny House](https://tiny-house-clone.herokuapp.com/) with the original website [TinyHouse](https://www.tinyhouse.app/)

# Technical Overview

## Technologies and Tools used.
 
 <img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Firebase" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/firebase/firebase.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="40px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />  

<br/> 
<br/>

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- React JS 
- React Router
- Firebase
- Git 
- Heroku
- VSCode 
- Terminal


<br/>
<!-- 
The process for installing and running tinyHouse on the local machine is more complicated because we use netlify functions in this project
it involves forking the project to your own repo , connecting netlify cli to that repo  , and then starting the development server ( react + netlify fn's) 
using netlify cli instead of npm start. -- I am not sure of the complete instruction set.

# Running the code on your local machine

## Dependencies
- Node.JS -- Make sure you have Node.js installed on your machine. 
- NPM ( Node Package Manager ) -- We will be using Node.js and NPM to run the project.


## Installation Instructions

1. Get a copy of the project on your local machine by running the following command
	 `git clone https://github.com/elroi99/tinyHouse.git`
2. Enter the project directory 
	 `cd tinyHouse`
3. install dependencies using npm
	 `npm install`
4. create your own firebase project to get your own firebase keys 
5. replace the current firebaseConfig object with the object from your new firebase project.
	the firebaseConfig obj looks similar to below object and is inside the firebase.js file at src/firebase/
	```
	const firebaseConfig = {
	  apiKey: "AIzaSyee-dd-xxxxxxx,
	  authDomain: "tiny-house-xxxxx.firebaseapp.com",
	  projectId: "tiny-house-7xxxx",
	  storageBucket: "tiny-house-3333s.appspot.com",
	  messagingSenderId: "434xxx44yyy,
	  appId: "1:4d4232fdd37o7986"
	};
	```
6. once you have added your own firebaseConfig object, the app is ready to Rock and Roll !!
7. Run the project 
	 `npm start`
	 
Give it some time ...... Breathe in .. Breathe out.  
Node should start a development server on your local machine.  
You should be able to view TinyHouse in your browser at localhost://3000 ( unless you opened it on another port )

#### Thats it 🥳 🥳 !! -->

<!-- Celebration gif -->
<br/>
 <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/lMameLIF8voLu8HxWV/giphy.gif" wiidth="300px" height="300px" />
 
 
 ## Acknowledgements
- This project is a clone of [TinyHouse](https://www.tinyhouse.app/) ! Visit them and give them some love
